Add warning about forced layouts, info about auto (#6989)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/content-visibility/index.md

containment and starts painting and hit-testing the element's content. This
enables the rendering work to be done just in time to be seen by the user.

{% Aside 'caution' %}
The browser is only able to skip rendering work if you are also careful not to call any DOM API that [forces some of rendering
to occur](https://gist.github.com/paulirish/5d52fb081b3570c81e3a#file-what-forces-layout-md) on one of the skipped subtrees.
If you're using `content-visibility` to improve performance, audit your code to make sure these APIs are not getting called.

> To help find them, Chromium will print console warnings if you call one of these APIs for a subtree of an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help find them, Chromium will print console messages if you call one of these APIs for a subtree of an
```

> element with `content-visibility:hidden`. To see the warnings, [turn on verbose logging](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/console/log/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
element with `content-visibility:hidden`. To see the messages, [turn on verbose logging](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/console/log/).
```

> {% Aside 'caution' %}
> The browser is only able to skip rendering work if you are also careful not to call any DOM API that [forces some of rendering
> to occur](https://gist.github.com/paulirish/5d52fb081b3570c81e3a#file-what-forces-layout-md) on one of the skipped subtrees.
> If you're using `content-visibility` to improve performance, audit your code to make sure these APIs are not getting called.
> To help find them, Chromium will print console warnings if you call one of these APIs for a subtree of an
> element with `content-visibility:hidden`. To see the warnings, [turn on verbose logging](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/console/log/).
> {% endAside %}
> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{% Aside 'caution' %}
The browser is only able to skip rendering work if you are also careful not to call any DOM API that [forces some of rendering
to occur](https://gist.github.com/paulirish/5d52fb081b3570c81e3a#file-what-forces-layout-md) on one of the skipped subtrees.
If you're using `content-visibility` to improve performance, audit your code to make sure these APIs are not getting called.
To help find them, Chromium will print console warnings if you call one of these APIs for a subtree of an
element with `content-visibility: hidden;`. To see the warnings, [turn on verbose logging](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/console/log/).
{% endAside %}

```

Author: I can't see what is different with this suggestion. Is anything different?

dimensions, ensuring that your unsized divs still occupy space.
`contain-intrinsic-size` acts as a placeholder size in lieu of rendered content.

In Chromium 98 and onward, there is a new [`auto`](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-sizing-4/#valdef-contain-intrinsic-width-auto-length)
keyword for `contain-intrinsic-size`. When specified, the browser will remember
the last-rendered size, if any, and use that instead of the developer-provided placeholder

> sizing. For example, if you specified `contain-intrinsic-size: auto 300px`, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
size. For example, if you specified `contain-intrinsic-size: auto 300px`, the
```

element will start out with a `300px` intrinsic sizing in each dimension, but once

> the element's contents are rendered, it will retain the rendered intrinsic sizing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the element's contents are rendered, it will retain the rendered intrinsic size.
```

> Any subsequent rendering resizes will also be remembered. This means that if you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any subsequent rendering size changes will also be remembered. In practice, this means that if you
```

> scroll a `content-visibilty:auto` element onscreen and then scroll it back

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
scroll an element with `content-visibilty: auto` applied, and then scroll it back
```
